# Code of Conduct #

This code of conduct is an adapted form of the Debian Code of Conduct, version
1.0, which was adopted/ratified on April 28th, 2014.

Please see https://www.debian.org/code_of_conduct for the original version.

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Table of Contents ##

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
    * [1. Be respectful](#1-be-respectful)
    * [2. Assume good faith](#2-assume-good-faith)
    * [3. Be collaborative](#3-be-collaborative)
    * [4. Try to be concise](#4-try-to-be-concise)
    * [5. Be open](#5-be-open)
    * [6. In case of problems](#6-in-case-of-problems)


## 1. Be respectful ##

Inevitably there will be people with whom you may disagree, or find it difficult
to cooperate. Accept that, but even so, remain respectful. Disagreement is no
excuse for poor behaviour or personal attacks, and a community in which people
feel threatened is not a healthy community.

## 2. Assume good faith ##

Contributors have many ways of reaching the common goal this is this project,
some of which may differ from your ways. Assume that other people are working
towards this common goal.

Note that some or many of our contributors may not be native English speakers or
may have different cultural backgrounds.

## 3. Be collaborative ##

There is always more to learn within this project. It's good to ask for help
when you need it. Similarly, offers for help should be seen in the context of
our shared goal of improving the project.

When you make something for the benefit of the project, be willing to explain to
others how it works, so that they can build on your work to make it even better.

## 4. Try to be concise ##

Keep in mind that what you write once could be read by hundreds of people.
Writing a short email means people can understand the conversation as
efficiently as possible. When a long explanation is necessary, consider adding a
summary.

Try to bring new arguments to a conversation so that each mail adds something
unique to the thread, keeping in mind that the rest of the thread still contains
the other messages with arguments that have already been made.

Try to stay on topic, especially in discussions that are already fairly large.

## 5. Be open ##

Many ways of communication used within the project allow for public and private
communication. You should preferably use public methods of communication for
project-related messages, unless posting something sensitive.

This applies to messages for help or project-related support, too; not only is a
public support request much more likely to result in an answer to your question,
it also makes sure that any inadvertent mistakes made by people answering your
question will be more easily detected and corrected.

## 6. In case of problems ##

While this code of conduct should be adhered to by participants, we recognize
that sometimes people may have a bad day, or be unaware of some of the
guidelines in this code of conduct. When that happens, you may reply to them and
point out this code of conduct. Such messages may be in public or in private,
whatever is most appropriate. However, regardless of whether the message is
public or not, it should still adhere to the relevant parts of this code of
conduct; in particular, it should not be abusive or disrespectful. Assume good
faith; it is more likely that participants are unaware of their bad behaviour
than that they intentionally try to degrade the quality of the discussion.

Serious or persistent offenders will be temporarily or permanently banned from
communicating through the project's communication channels. Complaints should be
made (in private) to the administrator(s) of the project. These are:

* G'lek Tarssza - Project Lead
    * Webpage: https://github.com/glektarssza
    * Email: [glek@glektarssza.com](mailto:glek@glektarssza.com)
